Updating FT.SEARCH documentation with search guarantee language (#2961)
RediSearch/RediSearch: docs/commands/ft.search.md

The time complexity for more complex queries varies, but in general it's proportional to the number of words, the number of intersection points between them and the number of results in the result set.

> Note: if a sort order is not specified, the return order is not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: if a sort order is not specified, results are sorted by:
- Without Coordinator - by the document score (ascending)
- With Coordinator - by the text/numeric value (ascending)
- For similar scores or values, sort by document ids (ascending)
```
